---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: 'Frequently Asked Questions. Search with CMD /CNTR '
datePublished: '2015-11-19T19:50:55.030Z'
dateModified: '2015-11-19T19:50:48.517Z'
title: Frequently Asked Questions
tags:
  - ancillary
author: []
published: true
sourcePath: _posts/2014-10-08-faq.md
url: faq/index.html
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
_type: WebPage
_context: 'http://schema.org'

---
# Frequently Asked Questions

Search with CMD / CTRL + F

### What is The Grid?

The first artificial intelligence (AI) platform that creates websites.

### How does The Grid autodesign work?

When you post to your site, our engine measures and analyses your content and crafts a beautiful site driven by human-centered values, constraints and direction. Think of it as your own personal AI Designer.

### Is thegrid.io AutoDesigned?

Yes, thegrid.io is AutoDesigned by our engine.

### How do I get on The Grid?

Become a Founding Member and be one of the first to get on.

### How do I get a Grid site?

Sites are not available to the public yet as we are still under heavy development and testing. We'll roll out beta versions of our sites to Founding Members prior to making them available to the general public.

### How much is The Grid?

We plan to offer the service for $25 per month for a regular subscription. However, you can lock in a discounted rate of $8 per month by becoming a Founding Member during the pre-order period. After the first year, you'll be locked-in at the $8 per month rate for as long as you maintain an active subscription.

### What is a Founding Member?

Founding Members are those who sign up during the limited time pre-order period. You'll receive Founding Member features and may participate in pre-order referrals rewards.

### What features are included in my Founding Membership?

* 1 year pre-paid subscription to The Grid
* Currently in a closed beta with a limited number of Founding Members.
* Subscription begins when beta testing is complete
* Lifetime subscription rate of $8 per month (regularly $25) for as long as you keep an active subscription.
* The ability to create and host up to 7 different sites with custom domain support
* Premium site contributors, storage and bandwidth
* Commerce engine when available
* A limited-edition Grid NFC Token to easily share your site with others

### What additional features will be available for purchase?

Nothing else, we're loading up our Founding Members with a premium solution.

### How many Founding Members are you allowing in? When does the Founding Membership offer end?

We haven't set a number or an end date yet, but you'll want to make sure you get in soon to lock in the Founding Member rate of $8 per month for up to 7 sites.

### When can I start building my site?

We are currently in closed beta with a limited number of Founding Members. . We will continue to roll out beta access in waves based on your Founding Member number - invites will be sent in order of when you signed up. Subscriptions will begin when beta is complete.

### Can I gift a Founding Membership to someone else?

Yes. You can purchase as many accounts as you'd like and gift them should you choose. Just sign up for a Founding Membership and contact us to let us know you'd like to give it as a gift to someone else.

### Can I beta test without becoming a Founding Member?

No.

### Will I need a server to host my Grid site?

No, you won't need to worry about hosting. All Grid sites include our fully-managed, high performance cloud hosting.

### Are there bandwidth limits for my hosted Grid site?

For most users, our premium storage and bandwidth limits will be more than adequate. We'll have higher levels of service for large scale publishers. 

### Do you offer domain services? If so how much does it cost?

Not yet, simply use your new or existing custom domain. We will provide the documentation on how to point your existing domains to The Grid when you're ready to bring your site online.

### What about email?

We do not provide email hosting. You would need to maintain your domain and email services through your domain registrar.

### What if I want to build more than 7 sites?

Each Founding Membership allows you to build and host up to 7 separate sites. If you would like to build more than 7 sites, you would need to purchase additional Founding Memberships.

### Is there a trial version available?

No.

### Are there any other examples or site I can see?

Right now our site is the only site using The Grid's auto-design technology. We will be bringing more sites and demos online soon. Be sure to follow us on Twitter for updates, @thegrid.

### Does The Grid support different languages?

For our general release, you will be able to publish content in most languages (with the exception of RTL languages), however the user interface will be in English only. We hope to offer full multi-language support following our general release.

### What kind of customer support is available to users of The Grid?

We're always here to help. You can contact our team at [support@thegrid.io][0], or reach out to us on Twitter, [@thegrid][1]. We'll respond as soon as we can. Full help documentation and resources will be available as we release access to Founding Members. 

### Do I own my content on The Grid?

Yes, you own your content. The engine AutoDesigns your site, publishes it, and stores it on Github. Your source content will live in a Github repository that you can access and download anytime.

### What devices will The Grid support?

Grid sites will be available on the Web with native Android and iOS support. 

### Does this mean sites created on The Grid are responsive?

Of course! Even better, they're not only responsively designed based on device, but responsively designed based on your content! Content dictates form.

### Will The Grid work with Windows Phone?

Not in the general release, though we're actively looking for opportunities to expand the platform.

### Will you have apps available?

Yes, we will release Android and iOS apps so you can update your sites on the go.

### Are there limitations on the types of sites that can be built on The Grid?

The Grid is open to all as long as the content is legal in jurisdictions where we operate.

### Can you combine different applications into a single website?

Yes, you can mix and match CTAs by selecting more than one for a website.

### How do I manage SEO on The Grid?

For our general release, our layout filters automatically handle SEO optimizations using your content (e.g. auto created site description, page descriptions, page title in url, etc). 

### Can I migrate my existing website into The Grid?

We will provide tools so that you can migrate your existing website, however, there will be some limitations depending on how your website was built. In addition, third parties can use our APIs to build tools that can add additional functionality for migrating content.

### Are you looking for investors?

We are currently supported by a wonderful group of Angel investors. If you're interested in investing, please contact us at [invest@thegrid.io][2].

### Do you have a program for resellers?

Not yet, stay tuned. If you're interested, please contact us at [support@thegrid.io][0].

### Do you give refunds?

Payments, including Founding Memberships, are non-refundable.

### I paid with Bitcoin and still no confirmation email.

Confirmation are sent when payment is confirmed. Bitcoin payments take some time to confirm through the blockchain.

## Layout Filters

### What types of applications can The Grid layout filters serve?

All of your basic Call-to-Actions, which includes: signups, product sales, events, etc. 

### Is The Grid customizable? How customizable is it?

For the general release, users can select different layout filters with a personalized look and feel. In the future, designers can also extend a design to fully customize it to a specific brand or look and feel, and developers can extend a layout filter

### How many layout filters are there?

The Grid doesn't use templates, only layout filters, since design should be content-driven, not template-driven. The general release to Founding Members will come with a handful of layout filters. We'll continue to add more on a continuous basis.

### How much will additional layout filters cost?

We plan to invest in a steady stream of new, beautifully-designed, free layout filters.

### Who designs the layout filters?

Today, an in-house team of UI designers and developers. Tomorrow, designers who want to create unique layout filters for clients.

### Are you opening up the platform for developers to design?

Yes, we will expose our API in the near future. We're creating a platform designed to be extended by web consultants.

### Where did you get all of that beautiful art?

We believe beautiful work needs to be showcased and are grateful for the great work of the following contributors:

* Folkert Gorter - his photography helped bring the spirit of The Grid to life, both in our video and on our site. Visit his [site][3] for great royalty-free photography. 
* Paul Audia - his photography is showcased on our site and we are grateful for his contribution. You can find more of his work on his [site][4].
* Jeffrey Woods - his photography is also showcased on our site and we are grateful for his contribution. You can find more of his work on his [site][5]. 

## Referrals

### How do referral rewards work?

We offer rewards for referring new paid Founding Members. Every Founding Member is provided with a unique referral link that we use to track people who have signed up through referrals.

When you purchase a Grid Founding Membership, we'll give you a unique referral URL to share with your friends. For every person who purchases a Grid Founding Membership using your referral URL **you'll receive $32** of the proceeds refunded toward your order, until your Founding Membership has been paid for. That means if you get three friends to purchase, you'll get your membership free.

Each time someone purchases a Grid Founding Membership using your link, we will send you an email confirming your credit of $32\. Referrals are processed 30 days after purchase.

More specifics:

* Referral credits are attributed to the first person to make the referral. In other words, if your friend Jane has already clicked on a referral link from your friend Joe, Joe will get the credit, not you. It pays to be first.
* If for any reason we don't collect payment from a person that you've referred, your credit will be reversed.
* Referral credits only apply to paid accounts during the pre-order period.

## Grid Tokens

### What are Grid Tokens?

Grid Tokens are NFC encoded tokens (PVC Square Card - NTAG203 - 35 x 35 mm) that we'll be shipping to Founding Members as a reward for early support. Grid Tokens allow you to easily share your site with others by tapping your token against any NFC-enabled device. We'll follow-up with an email survey to collect your physical address as soon as we can.

## Platform Tools

### What are The Grid's platform developer tools?

We've taken a "platform first" approach and for the past few years have launched the technologies that will ultimately culminate in The Grid. By solving some of the web's most vexing technical problems with rare gems of computer science, we're committed to helping designers and developers make the web more beautiful and prosperous.

[Grid Style Sheets][6] - GSS reimagines CSS layout and replaces the browser's layout engine with one that harnesses the Cassowary Constraint Solver - the same algorithm Apple uses to compute native layout.

[Flowhub][7] - Peer-to-peer full-stack visual programming for your fingers. Funded by the 5th most successful Kickstarter during its time in the software category.

### Does The Grid have an API?

Yes, details coming soon. If you want to build something awesome get in touch.

## eCommerce

### Will The Grid work for an eCommerce site?

Yes, a commerce engine will be part of the platform (slated for next year). You can simply add ecommerce Call-To-Actions within a post. Specify a "buy" button or ecommerce attributes like purchase price and your site will know what to do.

### How will The Grid handle checkouts and payment processing?

The commerce engine will come integrated with payments and a shopping cart solution. As soon as you post ecommerce, your site will know what to do.

### Will there be payment processing fees?

Yes, however we plan to keep it at cost for subscriber accounts as we can't control third-party vendor fees.

## The Grid for Non-Developers

### Do you need to learn code to use The Grid?

No coding is required to use The Grid. Just do what you're already doing on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc. Post images, video, and content to your site and our AI Designer will make it beautiful. If you know code, you can extend functionality using our platform tools and API.

### Will I be able to update my website by myself?

If you have enough know-how to post an image or status update to Facebook, you'll be able to manage your site on your own.

## Troubleshooting

### Account & Payment Problems

For account and payment problems, or any requests for support, please email us at [support@thegrid.io][0].

## Careers

### Are you hiring?

We're always on the hunt for talented and passionate individuals. Please forward inquiries to [careers@thegrid.io][8], or find us on one of our Github Repos.

### What type of coffee should I bring to my interview?

Large with a dash of soy milk and sprinkle of cinnamon. Or simply black. 

[0]: mailto:support@thegrid.io
[1]: https://twitter.com/@thegrid
[2]: mailto:invest@thegrid.io
[3]: http://superfamous.com/
[4]: http://audia.net/
[5]: http://www.visualroar.co/
[6]: http://gridstylesheets.org/
[7]: http://flowhub.io/
[8]: mailto:careers@thegrid.io